Adding User Guide for SGLang (#377)
kubernetes-sigs/lws: docs/examples/sglang/README.md

# Deploy Distributed Inference Service with SGLang and LWS on GPUs

In this example, we demonstrate how to deploy a distributed inference service using LeaderWorkerSet (LWS) with [SGLang](https://docs.sglang.ai/) on GPU clusters.
SGLang provides native support for distributed tensor-parallel inference and serving, enabling efficient deployment of large language models (LLMs) such as DeepSeek-R1-671B and Meta-Llama-3.1-405B across multiple nodes. This example uses the [meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct) model to demonstrate multi-node serving capabilities. For implementation details on distributed execution, see the SGLang docs [Run Multi-Node Inference](https://docs.sglang.ai/references/multi_node.html).

> 

Reviewer: Also add a note here:
```
Since SGLang employs tensor parallelism for multi-node inference, 
which requires more frequent communications than pipeline parallelism, 
ensure high-speed bandwidth between nodes to avoid poor performance.
```

## Install LeaderWorkerSet

Follow the step-by-step guide on how to install LWS. [View installation guide](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/lws/blob/main/docs/setup/install.md)

## Deploy LeaderWorkerSet of SGLang

> We use LeaderWorkerSet to deploy 2 SGLang model replicas, and each SGLang replica has 2 pods, and 1 GPUs per pod. It using multiple nodes using tensor parallelism, so the tensor parallelism size is 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use LeaderWorkerSet to deploy 2 SGLang replicas, and each replica has 2 Pods, 1 GPU per Pod. Set the `-nnodes` to 2 to enable inference across two nodes.
```

The leader pod runs the HTTP server.

> Replace the `HUGGING_FACE_HUB_TOKEN` in `lws.yaml` with your own Hugging Face token. Then, use `lws.yaml` to deploy it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the `HUGGING_FACE_HUB_TOKEN` in `lws.yaml` with your own Hugging Face token. Then, deploy the `lws.yaml`.
```

```shell
kubectl apply -f lws.yaml
```

Verify the status of the SGLang pods
```shell
kubectl get pods
```

Should get an output similar to this
```shell
NAME         READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE

> sglang-0     0/1     Running   0          3m55s

Reviewer: How can we make sure they're running in different nodes, can we output with `kubectl get pods -o wide`?

Author: Thanks @kerthcet 

It has been changed :-)

The leader pod runs the HTTP server.
Replace the `HUGGING_FACE_HUB_TOKEN` in `lws.yaml` with your own Hugging Face token. Then, deploy the `lws.yaml`.
```shell
kubectl apply -f lws.yaml
```

Verify the status of the SGLang pods
```shell
kubectl get pods
```

Should get an output similar to this
```shell
NAME         READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
sglang-0     1/1     Running   0          3m55s
sglang-0-1   1/1     Running   0          3m55s
sglang-1     1/1     Running   0          3m55s
sglang-1-1   1/1     Running   0          3m55s
```

Verify that the distributed tensor-parallel inference works
```shell
kubectl logs sglang-0 |grep -C 2 -i "Application startup complete" 
```
Should get an output similar to this
```text
[2025-02-11 09:06:55] INFO:     Started server process [1]
[2025-02-11 09:06:55] INFO:     Waiting for application startup.
[2025-02-11 09:06:55] INFO:     Application startup complete.
[2025-02-11 09:06:55] INFO:     Uvicorn running on http://0.0.0.0:40000 (Press CTRL+C to quit)
[2025-02-11 09:06:56] INFO:     127.0.0.1:40048 - "GET /get_model_info HTTP/1.1" 200 OK
```

## Deploy ClusterIP Service

> Apply the `service.yaml` manifest

Reviewer 2: no need to have two yamls, just put the service and the lws resources in the same yaml

Reviewer 3: Should we change the other guides as well? All other examples have them seperate

Author: > Should we change the other guides as well? All other examples have them seperate

HI @Edwinhr716 

This PR adds an example. If we want to adjust other guides, would it make more sense to merge them into another PR?

Reviewer 3: Yes that's fine, I was more asking if we want to be the existing guides to be consistent with this one, or the other way around. We should change it on another PR

Reviewer 2: yes, lets do that for all guides pls
